Clarify questions and issues should be raised in this repo (#23)
IBM/zowe-cli-cics-deploy-plugin: README.md

# zowe-cli-cics-deploy-plugin

> This project provides a plugin for [Zowe CLI](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli) to deploy applications developed on a workstation to IBM CICS Transaction Server for z/OS (CICS). It aims to provide an experience similar to deploying to a cloud platform when deploying to CICS. It will also provide low-level commands for performing individual steps of the deployment process that could be used as part of a CI/CD pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project provides a plug-in for [Zowe CLI](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli) to deploy applications developed on a workstation to IBM CICS Transaction Server for z/OS (CICS). It aims to provide an experience similar to deploying to a cloud platform when deploying to CICS. It will also provide low-level commands for performing individual steps of the deployment process that could be used as part of a CI/CD pipeline.
```

## Status
The project was started in February 2019 and is at an early stage of development. It will initially focus on generating and deploying CICS bundles containing Node.js applications.

> If you would like to try it out, you need to build the plugin from source as described in [setup](docs/tutorials/Setup.md).

Reviewer: Could we make this sentence even simpler?
```suggestion
To try it out, build the plug-in from source as described in [setup](docs/tutorials/Setup.md).
```
